Prepare handover gsi 112 (#35)
ghga-de/internal-file-registry-service: .description.md

<!-- Please provide a short overview of the features of this service.-->

> This service provides an infrastructure to administer files stored in an S3-compatible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service provides functionality to administer files stored in an S3-compatible
```

object storage.
All file-related metadata is stored in an internal mongodb database, owned and controlled
by this service.

> It exposes no API enpoints and communicates with other services via events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It exposes no REST API enpoints and communicates with other services via events.
```

### Events consumed:

#### files_to_register
This event signals that there is a file to register in the database.
The file-related metadata from this event gets saved in the database and the file is

> pulled from the staging bucket dto the permanent storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
moved from the incoming staging bucket to the permanent storage.
```

#### files_to_stage
This event signals that there is a file that needs to be staged for download.

> The file is then copied over from the permanent storage to the outbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file is then copied from the permanent storage to the outbox for the actual download.
```
